Well, thank you very much. And hello, CPAC. Do you miss me yet? Do you miss me yet? A lot of things going on.

Donald Trump: (01:36)
There’s so many wonderful friends, conservatives and fellow citizens in this room and all across our country. I stand before you today to declare that the incredible journey we’ve begun together, we went through a journey like nobody else. There’s never been a journey like it. There’s never been a journey so successful. We began it together four years ago, and it is far from being over. We’ve just started.

Crowd: (02:04)
USA USA USA USA.

Donald Trump: (02:11)
Our movement of proud, hardworking, and you know what? This is the hardest working people, hard working American Patriots is just getting started. And in the end we will win. We will win.

Donald Trump: (02:29)
We’ve been doing a lot of winning as we gather this week, we’re in the middle of a historic struggle for America’s future, America’s culture, and America’s institutions, borders, and most cherished principles. Our security, our prosperity, and our very identity as Americans is at stake, like perhaps at no other time.

Donald Trump: (02:56)
So no matter how much the Washington establishment and the powerful, special interests may want to silence us, let there be no doubt. We will be victorious. And America will be stronger and greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: (03:18)
I want to thank my great friends, Matt and Mercedes Schlep. Matt, thank you. Thank you. Mercedes, thank you very much. And the American Conservative Union for hosting this extraordinary event. They’re talking about it all over the world, Matt. I know you don’t like that, but that’s okay, all over the world.

Donald Trump: (03:39)
I also want to pay my love and respect to the great Rush Limbaugh who is watching closely and smiling down on us. He’s watching and he’s loving it and he loves Catherine. Catherine, thank you for being here, so great. Thank you Catherine. He loved you, Catherine. I will tell you that. Fantastic. Thank you Catherine very much.

Donald Trump: (04:15)
To each and every one of you here at CPAC, I am more grateful to you than you will ever know. We’re gathered this afternoon to talk about the future of our movement, the future of our party, and the future of our beloved country. For the next four years, the brave Republicans in this room will be at the heart of the effort to oppose the radical Democrats, the fake news media, and their toxic cancel culture. Something new to our ears, cancel culture. And I want you to know that I’m going to continue to fight right by your side. We will do what we’ve done right from the beginning, which is to win. We’re not starting new parties. They kept saying, he’s going to start a brand new party. We have the Republican party. It’s going to unite and be stronger than ever before. I am not starting a new party. That was fake news, fake news.

Donald Trump: (05:22)
No. Wouldn’t that be brilliant? Let’s start a new party and let’s divide our vote so that you can never win. No, we’re not interested in that. No we have tremendous, Mr. McLaughlin just gave me numbers that nobody’s ever heard of before, more popular than anybody. That’s all of us. It’s all of us. Those are great numbers. And I want to thank you very much. Those are incredible numbers. I came here and he was giving me 95%, 97%, 92%. I said, they’re great. And I want to thank everybody in this room and everybody all throughout the country, throughout the world, if you want to really know that. Thank you though. Thank you.